# Auto Upload field in account and campaign settings

**[!UICONTROL Auto Upload]:** (For synchronized campaigns with [!UICONTROL EF Redirect] only) Automatically uploads the following to the ad network the next time Search, Social, & Commerce synchronizes with it: (a) Search, Social, & Commerce tracking parameters for tracking templates and the same parameters appended to the final URLs or (b) new destination URLs embedded with Search, Social, & Commerce tracking code. For advertisers with an [Adobe Advertising-Adobe Analytics integration](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/advertising/integrations/analytics/overview.html) and a server-side s_kwcid configuration, the upload also includes s_kwcid parameters for your [!DNL Google Ads] and [!DNL Microsoft Advertising] accounts. The default account-level setting is inherited from the advertiser's tracking settings. You can override the account-level setting at the campaign level. 
  
**Note:** Tracking URLs are updated daily only for entities that are out of sync (that is, new entities that were added and existing entities whose properties have changed). Therefore, if you change this setting from disabled to enabled for an existing advertiser/account/campaign, then tracking URLs aren't updated for existing entities that are already in sync. To add tracking to the URLs of existing, in-sync entities, contact your Adobe Account Team and request a one-time, manual sync process. The automatic upload process will handle future changes.
