---
title: Options for managing ad network campaigns
description: Learn about the different ways to manage data for your ad network campaigns.
exl-id: be5c9a48-a87d-4cee-9884-2ba36ac5f2ca
feature: Search Campaign Management
---
# Options for managing ad network campaigns

You can create and edit supported campaign structure and campaign component data
for an ad network account by any of the following methods:

* Option 1: Enter data for individual or multiple components directly into the campaign component list views in [!UICONTROL Search] > [!UICONTROL Campaigns] > [!UICONTROL Campaigns]. You can create, edit, and delete [campaigns](/help/search-social-commerce/campaign-management/campaigns/campaign-manage.md), [ad groups](/help/search-social-commerce/campaign-management/campaigns/ad-group-manage.md), [keywords](/help/search-social-commerce/campaign-management/campaigns/keyword-manage.md), [ads](/help/search-social-commerce/campaign-management/campaigns/ad-manage.md), [[!DNL Google Ads] placements](/help/search-social-commerce/campaign-management/campaigns/placement-manage.md), [!DNL Google Ads] and [!DNL Microsoft Advertising] [sitelink libraries](/help/search-social-commerce/campaign-management/campaigns/sitelink-extension-manage.md) and [assignments](/help/search-social-commerce/campaign-management/campaigns/sitelink-extension-associate.md), and [!DNL Google Ads] [callout extension libraries](/help/search-social-commerce/campaign-management/campaigns/callout-extension-manage.md) and [assignments](/help/search-social-commerce/campaign-management/campaigns/callout-extension-associate.md). You also can manage shopping [product groups](/help/search-social-commerce/campaign-management/campaigns/product-group-manage.md), [dynamic search targets](/help/search-social-commerce/campaign-management/campaigns/dynamic-search-target-manage.md), [[!DNL Google Ads] audiences](/help/search-social-commerce/campaign-management/campaigns/audience-about.md) and [[!DNL Google Ads] and [!DNL Microsoft Advertising] audience targets](/help/search-social-commerce/campaign-management/campaigns/audience-targets-manage.md). You can also create and edit multiple campaigns, ad groups, keywords, and ads at the same time using the [copy and paste feature](/help/search-social-commerce/campaign-management/campaigns/copy-paste.md). This option is available for [!DNL Google Ads], [!DNL Microsoft Advertising], [!DNL Yahoo! Japan Ads], [!DNL Yandex], and existing [!DNL Baidu] accounts only*.

* Option 2: Upload [bulksheet files](/help/search-social-commerce/campaign-management/bulksheets/bulksheet-about.md) containing as much data as you want for an account from [!UICONTROL Search] > [!UICONTROL Campaigns] > [!UICONTROL Bulksheets]. For [!DNL Google Ads], [!DNL Microsoft Advertising], [!DNL Naver], [!DNL Yandex], and existing [!DNL Baidu] accounts, you can post the data to the ad network. For [!DNL Naver], you can upload the data for use within Search, Social, & Commerce but can't post it to the ad network.

  You can optionally download, but not upload or post, bulksheet files with data for existing [!DNL Pinterest], [!DNL Yahoo Native], and [!DNL Yahoo! Display Network] accounts.

* Option 3: Set up an automated process to [create account structure and dynamic ads and keywords targeted to each item in your inventory](/help/search-social-commerce/campaign-management/inventory-feeds/inventory-feeds-about.md) according to an ad network-specific ad template you create from [!UICONTROL Search] > [!UICONTROL Campaigns] > [!UICONTROL  Advanced (ACM)]. Create templates based on the contents of inventory data files you upload manually or to an FTP location, or the contents of a [!DNL Google Merchant Center] or [!DNL Microsoft Merchant Center] account. You can configure your data to be automatically posted as soon as it's created or manually post it to the ad networks after you review it. This option is available for [!DNL Google Ads], [!DNL Microsoft Advertising], [!DNL Yahoo! Japan Ads], and [!DNL Yandex] accounts.

  You can't create placements using this method.
